apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/_manifest
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Web Data
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Web Data-journal
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000022.ldb
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000019.ldb
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000018.log
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/LOG.old
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000005.ldb
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000016.ldb
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/CURRENT
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000021.log
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/MANIFEST-000001
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/LOCK
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/LOG
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/GPUCache/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/blob_storage/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/blob_storage/89afc65a-6c75-439f-8f37-4307032f0d24/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/CURRENT
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/000003.log
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/MANIFEST-000001
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/LOCK
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_webview/Default/Session Storage/LOG
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_textures/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/r/app_database/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/f/Documents/
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/f/CookieClickerSave.txt
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/f/CookieClickerSaveTest.txt
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/sp/WebViewChromiumPrefs.xml
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/sp/admob.xml
apps/org.dashnet.cookieclicker/sp/admob_user_agent.xml
